Bullet journaling is a type of organizational system that combines to-do lists, calendars, and diaries, and more, all in one journal. Although most journals follow a similar format, bullet journaling gives a lot of freedom for personalization and allows each user to create their journal in a way that works best for them. I took on bullet journaling two months ago, and I've been loving it since. One day, out of curiosity, I decided to look up bullet journaling apps on Google's Play Store. To my dismay, I discovered that someone has yet to develop a good enough app that could provide a decent alternative to the old-school pen and paper system. This term project is an attempt to provide that alternative.

The graphics and animation framework was made through the module Tkinter. I also used Object-Oriented Programming to create classes and their respective functions for the program's tasks, logs, and schedules. Many functions were used for the program, but the important and complex ones were the sort functions and the Plan My Day! functions. There were several sort functions that allowed the user to sort tasks based on various attributes, such as "name," "group," and "time created." A few of the sort functions made use of recursive sorting. In the Plan My Day! functions, the constructSchedule() function used recursive backtracking to create a schedule that successfully fits all of the tasks within the day.

Most of the UI was created with Tkinter, but a few of the non-dynamic buttons and texts were drawn with Adobe Photoshop. This was done to give the app an overall nicer look, and to create image effects that Tkinter cannot do. The app was also programmed to look and feel like a webapp, so that the interface is comfortable and intuitive. A few webapp-y features include text fields, error messages, and a blinking cursor. In addition, in order to explain what bullet journaling is, and in order to clear up any possible confusion from the user, I created a help screen that explains what the program does and how its interface works.